What do you mean that I'm no longer an employee?
Olivia, as you know, the firm has been going through some financial issues.
In order to stay afloat, we had to sell out.
Now, new management just sent us the retention list in your name.
It wasn't included.
But...
Did you see the mysterious partner's office?
It looks totally decked out.
You have a mega-master cost of time.
I like your new office.
I picked it out for you.
It has the best view.
What's going on?
I just bought this law firm.
Here's the deed.
Where are the balls now?
Mr. Hart, I...
I'm sorry.
I missed out on how amazing you are from the start.
I was so stupid and arrogant.
I can't imagine my life without showing you.
Could you give me another chance?
Be my wife.